Let's look at the solution to the customer location exercise.
First thing we need to do is start Kafka.
If I say ps -ef,
Kafka is not running.
I'm going to start it up, and I'm also going to start Spark.
Cd to home workspace spark sbin./start-master.sh.
Copying the path to the log and I'm going to tail-f and the path to the log.
Copy that again, tail-f and the path to the log,
and there's the Spark Master.
I'm going to break out of the tail, control C, ls,
start-slave.sh and the master URI,
and now Spark is running.
Ps -ef, I see Spark and Spark.
Kafka is up and running.
The first thing I'm going to do is actually check the topic.
I want to see if the data that should be listened to,
the customer location, is showing up.
I'm going to go to the cd data.
I'm going to close this,
and I'm going to clear the screen just to make it more readable.
Cd data Kafka bin, ls,
kafka-console-consumer bootstrap-server
localhost:9092 topic redis-server from-beginning.
What I'm looking for is a key for a collection for customer location.
I'm going to actually clear this as well and I'm going to say,
echo "CustomerLocation" pipe base64,
and this is the key that I'm looking for.
I'm going to scroll through and see if I can see that Q3.
There we have one,
Q3VzdGtcX, and it's the same.
I just checked the first eight or 10 characters,
which is a match.
So we've got data and that's a good sign.
I want to get access to that data and I'm going to convert it from base64 to
non base64 and then I'm going to get the JSON data out of that decoded string.
You'll notice I've already created the schema for the Redis message.
Now, I'm going to create the customerLocationSchema,
which needs to match the following fields: account number and location.
I'm going to pass an array of StructFields,
accountNumber, StringType, location, StringType as well.
Now, I'm going to create a SparkSession
and I'm going to name the application customer-location,
getOrCreate, that'll start it.
Saying my log level,
and now I'm going to read from Kafka.
I'm reading Redis data from Kafka.
How is it that I'm doing that?
The answer is it's because we have Kafka connect running with a Redis source connector.
Creating a Redis server raw streaming
DataFrame and I'm going to say equals my Spark session.
Accessing the read string, format is Kafka,
and I'm going to go
option Kafka bootstrap servers
and I'm going give it the one host that I need to connect to.
Then I'm going to add the topic name,
which is what again?
All my Redis stuff is going to one topic, redis-server.
I'm going to set the starting offsets to
earliest and I'm going to load it into the data frame.
Now, I've got Redis data and it is base64 encoded.
I'm going to take that data and I'm going to parse it before I unencode it.
My Redis server streaming data frame is going to take the Redis data,
take the JSON out of it,
and then we're going to unencode it.
I'm using select expression to cast my binary information from Kafka as strings.
I'm going to call the key,
key, and the value, value.
Now I'm taking that information that's no longer
binary and I'm going to update the column called value,
and I'm going to use from JSON to pull out
the value and I'm going to use the Redis message schema,
select, and I'm calling
column and I'm pulling out all the value subfields that just got created from the JSON.
I'm creating a temporary view and it's called RedisData.
Now, I'm going to query that information,
and this is my zSet entries encoded streaming data frame.
I'm going to do a Spark SQL statement, select key,
zSet entries0.element
as customer location from Redis data.
The next thing I'm going to do is unbase64 that information.
ZSetDecodedEntriesStreamingDF equals zSetEntriesEncodedStreamingDF.withColumn.
Customer location is the column that has the data I want to unbase64.
I'm going to say unbase64
zSetEntriesEncodedStreamingDF.customerLocation is the field
that I'm pulling the data out of.
I want to cast that as a string.
The next thing I'm going to do is parse the JSON that's nested inside of that base64.
We've just got access to it and we want to parse that.
I'm going to say zSetDecodedEntriesStreamingDF.withColumn,
customerLocation from JSON, customer location,
and I'm going to parse the customerLocations schema,
and I'm going to select using the column function,
customerLocation.star, which are the JSON fields that just got generated,
and then I'm going to create or replace temp view customerLocation.
Now, I'm going to select all the data from that and call
it customerLocationsStreamingDF equals spark.sql.
Select star from customer location.
Let's take a look at that,.writeStream.outputMode, append,
format console.start.awaitTermination,
and we're going to save that file.
Let's run it. I'm going to break out of this topic, "Control C",
and I'm going to clear this to get it easier to read
and the CD to home workspace and ls there,
and I have a script called submit-customer-location.sh.
The null roles are data from Redis that doesn't match the schema,
so when we applied the schema it didn't match
the customer location so those rows do not match.
One way to fix that is you can just say where location not null,
like this, and you won't get those.
Here we have an account that the customer is in Togo,
we have one in France,
one in Jordan, New Mexico, Nigeria,
Ukraine and China, Mexico,
France, and Ivory Coast.
This is just keeping tabs on your customer where they
are and this can be helpful information for
determining fraud on a bank account or something like
that if you see transactions that don't match.
You've just taken data from a Redis Kafka source connector into Spark
and then decoded the base64 in information and then extracted the JSON out of it.
Good work. I'm going to kill this with control
C and I'm going to kill this as well, and we're good.